chore: Update missing or outdated files (#335)
ansys/pymapdl-examples: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contribute

Overall guidance on contributing to a PyAnsys library appears in the
[Contributing] topic in the *PyAnsys developer's guide*. Ensure that you
are thoroughly familiar with this guide before attempting to contribute to
{project-name}.

> The following contribution information is specific to {project-name}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following contribution information is specific to PyMAPDL Examples.
```
